chore: Update importing-untrusted-tls-certificates article (#2805)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/administration-guide/pages/importing-untrusted-tls-certificates.adoc

* An identity provider (OIDC)
* A source code repositories provider (Git)

{prod-short} uses labeled ConfigMaps in {prod-short} {orch-namespace} as sources for TLS certificates.

> The ConfigMaps can have an arbitrary amount of keys with a random amount of certificates each. Operator merges all ConfigMaps into a single one `ca-certs-merged` and mounts it as a volume in the {prod-short} server, dashboard and workspace pods. By default, the Operator mounts the `ca-certs-merged` ConfigMap in users' workspaces at two locations: `/public-certs` and `/etc/pki/ca-trust/extracted/pem`. The `/etc/pki/ca-trust/extracted/pem` directory is where the system stores extracted CA certificates for trusted certificate authorities on Red Hat (e.g., CentOS, Fedora). CLI tools automatically use certificates from system-trusted locations, when user's workspace is up and running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ConfigMaps can have an arbitrary amount of keys with a random amount of certificates each. Operator merges all ConfigMaps into a single one titled `ca-certs-merged`, and mounts it as a volume in the {prod-short} server, dashboard and workspace pods. 
By default, the Operator mounts the `ca-certs-merged` ConfigMap in a user's workspace at two locations: `/public-certs` and `/etc/pki/ca-trust/extracted/pem`. The `/etc/pki/ca-trust/extracted/pem` directory is where the system stores extracted CA certificates for trusted certificate authorities on Red Hat (e.g., CentOS, Fedora). CLI tools automatically use certificates from the system-trusted locations, when the user's workspace is up and running.
```
